Examples to address setting up secrets provider (#25)
pulumi/automation-api-examples: dotnet/InlineSecretsProvider/README.md

# Inline Program

> This program demonstrates how use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This examples build on the basic example in `InlineProgram`
> but uses a custom secrets provider, which requires setting the configuration and re-using it on subsequent runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This program demonstrates how to use Automation API with an `inline` Pulumi program and custom secrets provider. This example builds on the basic example in `InlineProgram`
but uses a custom secrets provider, which requires setting the configuration and re-using it on subsequent runs.
```
